#COMP3043  Workshop IIFall  2016##J2EE Web Project
The purpose of this project is to train students’ software project development skills using the J2EE technologies.  To reduce workload of the students, most documentation is available.  Students will focus on system development and testing.  Students will be in group of 4.  Every student should at least take the responsibility of one role.  Managers should arrange the roles and the tasks in the first team meeting.  Roles are listed below:1. Manager2. UI developers3. JSP developer4. Java developer5. Database developer6. TesterUIC CILO SystemHave you ever wonder what the CILO means in the syllabus of the courses in UIC? It is “Course Intended Learning Outcomes”.  Now, the client of your project is UIC.  UIC needs a system to help analyze the teaching quality of each course based on the CILO.  User requirements are listed below:
1.	It is a website using J2EE technology.2.	It uses MySQL.3.	The users of the system are all UIC teachers. 4.	The system needs to set a Teaching Assistant for each course.  So the TA can view the same course information that the teacher can see.5.	A teacher can have multiple courses in the system.6.	When a teacher adds a new course into the system, the system needs to allow the teacher to enter the CILO information into the system.  For example, the number of CILOs that are applicable for this course, the CILO descriptions; matching PILOs.  So the system can generate the item 1 part in the CILO alignment report.  7.	When a teacher first creates a course in the system, the system needs to require the teacher to set the course assessment pattern, which means the teacher needs to set the percentage for tests, assignments, quizzes, mid-term exam, and the final examination. So the system can keep a record of the percentage that each assessment occupies.8.	A teacher can generate the CILO alignment report for different semesters.9.	The system should allow the user to create question papers for all assessment types (quizzes, assignments, examinations).  When a teacher creates a question, the system should require the user to set:″	Whether Rubric if provided for this question″	Weighting of the question (%)″	Cognitive level (e.g. Knowledge, Comprehension, Application, Analysis, 	Synthesis, and Evaluation)10.	The system should be able to generate the question paper in Word.  So the teacher can modify if any question is not satisfied.11.	The system should allow the teacher or Teaching Assistant to enter the students’ scores for each assessment into the system.  The score of each question that every student gained should be entered into the system.  12.	Besides entering the score of each question into the system, the system should also allow the user to use an excel sheet to import the scores.  Design your excel sheet template and make it simple.13.	Finally, the system should be able to generate the CILO alignment report for any course in any semester that the user picks.  14.	An example of the CILO alignment report is attached.  This is a report that is manually done using MS Excel.  Your system should be able to generate such report in pdf by one button click.  In the box plot, the Mean mark triangle was manually added.  You can design your own way to show the mean mark of each CILO.